# OpenGovernance
The flagship module of OpenGov will be the futarchy mechanism. This innovative approach to decision-making relies on prediction market signals, rather than the traditional one-person-one-vote democracy. Through prediction markets, we aim to drive outcomes that enhance a system-wide metric governing the welfare of the organization.

We firmly believe that futarchy represents one of the most promising forms of decentralized governance. It allows us to hold participants accountable for their actions, making it a powerful tool for decision-making. This groundbreaking consensus mechanism, often referred to as "futarchy," was first introduced by Professor Robin Hanson, a prominent specialist in prediction markets, in his paper titled <a href="https://mason.gmu.edu/~rhanson/futarchy.html">"Vote on Values, Bet on Beliefs"</a>.

In futarchy, decisions about policy are delegated to prediction markets. In these markets, the efficacy of the policies is estimated in terms of a pre-defined welfare measure, a scalar measure of how well things are going for the organization. Depending on the measurements made using the prediction markets, the policy is either adopted or not. By proceeding in this fashion, organizations governed by futarchy rely on the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wisdom_of_the_crowd">Wisdom of the Crowd</a> instead of the "public relations teams, organized interest groups, news media, conversation forums, think tanks, universities, journals, elite committees, and state agencies"2. Decisions are based purely on merit (improving the welfare measure) and those who promote bad or corrupt policy are economically punished, even if they succeed in the short term.

Futarchy also represents an alternative to the typical approaches to on-chain governance. As on-chain identities do not necessarily correspond one-to-one to off-chain identities, "One man, one vote" democracy is infeasible in the blockchain context. 
